## pertemuan 1 ##

Campus 4 of Ahmad Dahlan University or also known as the main campus
which is located on Jln. South Ringroad, Tamanan, Bantul. there are 5 buildings
on the main campus, namely, the main building, lab building, medical building and 2 more
dormitory for students. In the main building there are 11 floors with many 
facilities therein. namely manual stairs, escalators, elevators to make things easier
student mobility. and there are also 2 libraries on the right side and
left of the main building, which students use to search for journals
as well as reference sources. 

At the main campus there are currently 6 faculties, namely
Faculty of Teacher Training and Education (FKIP), Applied Science and Technology (FAST), Law, Industrial Technology (FTI), Medicine (FK), Literature, Culture and Communication (FSBK)

UAD's main campus not only functions as a lecture venue,
but it can also be visited by the general public. For example, the Islamic Center Mosque
UAD has now become one of the icons of Yogyakarta and has become 
tourist resting place. Apart from that, a mosque will also be built on the east side
 Muhammadiyah museum.
 
 
 ## pertemuan 2 ##
 
 a : hi everyone im .. now i'm at main campus ahmad dahlan university, specifically in campus  4.
     Today i will interview .... (nama orang). hi ... how are you today??
 b : hi im good, how about you?
 a : yeah that's good too. okay so today i will interview you about everything on the main 
     campus of ahmad dahlan university. do you mind?
 b : of course. im so happy to share more about the main campus of ahmad dahlan university. 
     What do you want to know first?
 a : nice!!!. maybe you can tell us what main facilities are available for student here. 
 b : The main campus has various main facilities to support students. We have a library that is used by students to find references and also access various academic journals. there is also a laboratory building to support student learning
 a : That sounds amazing. What about recreational facilities? Are there sports or fitness centers available?
 b : Currently our campus does not provide these facilities. But on the main campus of Ahmad Dahlan University there are instagrammable photo spots
 a : "Fantastic! And what about housing options? Does the university offer on-campus accommodation?"
 b : 
 
 
 
